content/workshop/_index.adoc, before:

---
title: 'Final Workshop'
date: 2025-05-21
heroHeading: 'Final Workshop'
heroSubHeading: ''
#heroBackground: ''
---


== The Workshop “Freestanding Oxide Membranes: science and applications”, will be held on October 20-21, 2025, in Naples, Italy.
{empty} +

Freestanding oxide membranes represent a new frontier in functional materials research. Their remarkable flexibility and structural adaptability—far exceeding that of bulk materials and conventional epitaxial films—open new pathways for exploring phase diagrams, offer unprecedented opportunities for the exploration of complex phase diagrams and the investigation of otherwise inaccessible states of matter. The ability to stack single or multiple freestanding oxide membranes on diverse substrates facilitates relatively straightforward integration with CMOS platforms, thereby enabling promising advancements in oxide-based electronic devices and emerging applications.

This Workshop aims at bringing together the Research Community working on Freestanding Oxides Membranes, at discussing the latest developments in this field, with a particular focus on applications in electronics, sensing  and other emerging technologies.


=== Confirmed Invited Speakers (updating):

* *Thomas Sand Jespersen* (Technical University of Denmark) "Quantum Transport and Devices based on LAO/STO freestanding micro-membranes"
* *Jalan Bharat* (University of Minnesota, USA): "Oxide Bicrystals: A Route to Interfacial Quasicrystals"

=== Organizing Committee

Dr. *Alessia Sambri* CNR-SPIN (Italy) +
Prof. *Emiliano Di Gennaro* University of Naples Federico II (Italy) +
Dr. *Fabio Miletto Granozio* CNR-SPIN (Italy)

=== Important Dates

*Abstract submission*: 31 May- 15 July +
*Abstract acceptance*: 5 August

=== Venue

Centro Congressi Partenope, Sala A Via Partenope, 36 - Napoli (link:https://www.centrocongressi.unina.it/via-partenope/[more info^])

=== Contacts
*Organizing Secretariat*: link:mailto:info@jeangillder.it[info@jeangillder.it^]

// Copiare i file in /content/laboratories/*.md per popolare questa sezione. Occorrono foto e dettagli.

Commit message:

IMPORTANTE: modifiche workshop come da indicazioni di jeangilder
IMPORTANTE: corregge indirizzo mail dell'organizzazione

content/workshop/_index.adoc, after:

---
title: 'Final Workshop'
date: 2025-05-21
heroHeading: 'Final Workshop'
heroSubHeading: ''
#heroBackground: ''
---

[#the-workshop]
== The Workshop “Freestanding Oxide Membranes: science and applications”, will be held on October 20-21, 2025, in Naples, Italy.
{empty} +

Freestanding oxide membranes represent a new frontier in functional materials research. Their remarkable flexibility and structural adaptability—far exceeding that of bulk materials and conventional epitaxial films—open new pathways for exploring phase diagrams, offer unprecedented opportunities for the exploration of complex phase diagrams and the investigation of otherwise inaccessible states of matter. The ability to stack single or multiple freestanding oxide membranes on diverse substrates facilitates relatively straightforward integration with CMOS platforms, thereby enabling promising advancements in oxide-based electronic devices and emerging applications.

This Workshop aims at bringing together the Research Community working on Freestanding Oxides Membranes, at discussing the latest developments in this field, with a particular focus on applications in electronics, sensing  and other emerging technologies.

[#invited-speakers]
=== Confirmed Invited Speakers

* *Thomas Sand Jespersen* (Technical University of Denmark) "Quantum Transport and Devices based on LAO/STO freestanding micro-membranes"
* *Jalan Bharat* (University of Minnesota, USA): "Oxide Bicrystals: A Route to Interfacial Quasicrystals"

[#committee]
=== Organizing Committee

* Dr. *Alessia Sambri* CNR-SPIN (Italy) +
* Prof. *Emiliano Di Gennaro* University of Naples Federico II (Italy) +
* Dr. *Fabio Miletto Granozio* CNR-SPIN (Italy)

[#important-dates]
=== Important Dates

*Abstract submission*: 31 May - 15 July +
*Abstract acceptance*: 5 August

[#submit]
== *Submit your abstract*
Abstracts can be submitted for the following types of presentation:

[upperalpha]
. Contributed talk (17 + 3' min)
. Poster (A0 size, portrait layout - width 841 mm × height 1189 mm)

The abstract should be prepared using the provided MS Word template. +
You can download the MS Word template link:https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aLzPdoWwwza7GMTc_eNqqd6MoVk_MPvZ/view?tab=t.0[*here*^], +
and you can submit your abstract link:https://forms.gle/bpG2iDZDoG8ZCHXp9[*here*^].

[#agenda]
=== Agenda
// Tilde usato come simbolo di approssimazione, deve essere escaped con la ++ notation
The workshop will begin on the *20^th^ October at ++~++9:30*, and will end on the *21^th^ October at ++~++16:30*.

[#venue]
=== Venue
Centro Congressi Partenope, Sala A Via Partenope, 36 - Napoli (link:https://www.centrocongressi.unina.it/via-partenope/[more info^])

[#contacts]
=== Contacts
*Organizing Secretariat | Scientific Communication srl*: link:mailto:info@jeangilder.it[info@jeangilder.it^]

// Copiare i file in /content/laboratories/*.md per popolare questa sezione. Occorrono foto e dettagli.
